## Team Members:
### Brandon Miller, Jiaxin Wang, Wayne Wang

## Individual Goals:
* **Brandon Miller**: I plan to help generate ideas and facilitate discussion within the group with a focus on how our solution can affect people. I aim to learn how to efficiently cooperate on a Github repository as well as some of the technical aspects behind categorizing data and data visualization.
* **Jiaxin Wang**: wants to learn R programming and data visualization and connect them with real problems in life.  
* **Wayne Wang**: I would like to learn how to use R to clean and analyze existing datasets as well as to identify real-world problems from data analysis. My role is to generate visualizations and to make sure our work function properly on Github.

## Midpoint Reflection:
* **Brandon Miller**: I learned a lot about being a thinker throughout this project, and got some insight into being a coder. As a thinker I worked on how to interpret data from an unbiased point of view. Keeping bias out is difficult, luckily I had a great group to keep me accountable and the envisioning cards helped us think from multiple angles. Our project has short-comings, but it tries not to make any assumption or show bias. For the coding aspect I enjoyed learning how to use the Shiny app at the same time as my group members. Another important skill this project taught me is how to learn on my own initiative. We didn’t have a complete roadmap laid out for us, we had to use our resources such as the book, the lectures, our TA, eachother, and the internet to help us gather all our tools. In the future I would want to create a project that is more involved with the people it is trying to help. This dataset was great in that it had many observations and was relevant to us, but lacked a lot of the details needed to make a more impactful project. Overall, however, this project still taught me a lot and I’m glad to have done it with my team.

* **Jiaxin Wang**: I am a beginner of coding. By cooperation with my teammates, I am so grateful that I can comprehensively apply the knowledge I learned in the class. I learned how to interpret data set and how to transform the information of data set into a more useful and influential way for visualization and interpretation. I found satisfying is that this project is not majorly based on coding but also enable me to do brainstorming. This helps me to know better about programming and its applications in real life. What I found frustrating is that I am not good enough at coding part, which restricted me to present my ideas so well. I would do differently in the future regarding doing learning and practicing more flexible coding skills and addresses more about user experiences. I develop my identity in the project for thinker. I am able to explore more in detail about how to address our research questions, how to employ envisioning cards, and how to clearly show the insights of the project. 
* **Wayne Wang**: This project developed my identity as a coder and thinker, I am responsible to organize the code and deploy the shiny app, learning how to make a shiny app added a new tool to my skill set. While making the visualizations, I need to think about what kind of visualizations could better answer our research questions as well as representing our data. In addition, I needed to figure out what approach to take to incorporate our data frame code and visualizations code with the widget functions. This thinking process made me a better thinker. Doing this deliverable, I have learned to make different graphs with “leaflet”, “ggplot2” and “plotly”. Though I did not use all techniques in this deliverable, the experience of exploring the possibilities is beneficial. In addition, I learned about how to incorporate R files with server.R and ui.R to make code organized. In the future, I will definitely put more efforts on the layout of the UI interface. I would like to explore more about how to make the interactive visualizations more accessible to users.