### Strengths:
The strengths of our project is that our data visualizations are easy to read and modify with multiple different widgets that facilitate easy data wrangling. Our visualizations takes in well over a million data points that span many years, allowing us to identify patterns and trends in the data. By transforming the data into an interactive map we are able to restrict observations to specific time periods and specific areas even within the U-District for more in depth analysis. Looking at more than one facet of the data allows us to provide a more complete picture of the issue. Specifically we investigated category, location, and time of incident.

### Weaknesses: 
* Our project has definite weaknesses; it doesn't see people, and geographically the scope is small. The data set, and in turn our visualizations, lacks information about the people at any given incident. The numbers of people involved, lives lost, and other human-focused metrics are not present, so assessing the "importance" of any incident isn't possible with this data alone. Low risk incidents are represented on our map just as well as the most deadly ones. Fire departments cannot draw fully informed conclusions from our data set, but they can see where and when reports happen. We attempted to somewhat fix this by allowing our histogram visualization to sort by category, but the full picture is still unclear.

* Another shortcoming is that despite having many recorded data points, we exclude many that are not relevant to the U-District. Perhaps the trends we found would be wildly different in different parts of the country, or even within just the city of Seattle.

* According to Sampson, except the 911 fire calls with real emergencies, there are all other types of false 911 calls, such as Non Emergency calls, prank calls and even Lonely Complainant calls. These calls do not actually pose any threats or emergency. As a result, many fire calls recorded in the database might not be a 911 fire call related to real danger or emergency. This could make our analysis result less reliable.


### Future Work:
For the future work, we should try to include the data on the "people" aspect. We would like to study the number of people involved in each incident, such as the number of people being affected, injured as well as the number of deaths. This data will be valuable when we analyze the Fire Response data. We could find the trends and relationships between different types of incidents and the number of people being involved. The result of this analysis could help Fire Department to determine which incident is the top priority when receiving multiple fire calls. (This research is not aiming to weigh the value of life among different types of incidents, but to help Fire Department to deploy their resources more efficiently.)
